"Best in the business."
There was a long pause on the line, and he said, "There's just too much chicken in the world."
No, not because I'm some self-righteous, goody-two shoes foodie.
And so in 1982, a Spanish company with an environmental conscience purchased the land.
There is no feed.
And then I realized when he says, "A farm that has no impurities," he made a big understatement, because the water that flows through that farm comes in from the Guadalquivir River.
So what we have right here is the cover of every single Sports Illustrated ever produced.
Secretly, what I wanted to do was I wanted to dive to the real wreck of "Titanic."
So, you know, here I am now, on the deck of Titanic, sitting in a submersible, and looking out at planks that look much like this, where I knew that the band had played.
This encompasses everything: the food we eat, clothing, TV, heating.
Now, how we're going to go forward on this -- what's the right approach?
And with each version, kids get instant feedback about what works and what doesn't work.
And why is it? Because they understand triangles and self-reinforcing geometrical patterns are the key to building stable structures.
We talk about it ambivalently.
You know, you can choose your list.
I say I'm going to grab hold of my wrist to make sure nothing goes up or down my sleeve, that is a lie.
Now, I know you're asking, "How are we going to solve real world problems in games?" Well, that's what I have devoted my work to over the past few years, at The Institute For The Future.
This is an online game in which you try to survive an oil shortage.
The oil shortage is fictional, but we put enough online content out there for you to believe that it's real, and to live your real life as if we've run out of oil. So when you come to the game, you sign up, you tell us where you live, and then we give you real-time news, videos, data feeds that show you exactly how much oil costs, what's not available, how food supply is being affected, how transportation is being affected, if schools are closed, if there is rioting, and you have to figure out how you would live your real life as if this were true. And then we ask you to blog about it, to post videos, to post photos.
No prognosis can account for how powerful this could be as a determinant in the quality of someone's life.
Now if you are one of those who does not accept the evidence for biological evolution, this would be a very good time to turn off your hearing aid, take out your personal communications device -- I give you permission -- and perhaps take another look at Kathryn Schultz's book on being wrong, because nothing in the rest of this talk is going to make any sense whatsoever to you.
It's warm, it's dark, it's moist, it's very cozy.
These are nothing else than something that you put on in the morning, and it will give you extra strength, and it will further enhance your speed, and it will help you, for instance, to manage your balance.
Its flexible design allows for deep squats, crawls and high-agility movements.
Now let's turn our heads towards the wheelchair users, something that I'm particularly passionate about.
So get in the game. Save the shoes.
But play's a shapeshifter.
I'm a historian by training, and what I study in that case is the way that people have dealt with anatomy -- meaning human bodies, animal bodies -- how they dealt with bodily fluids, concepts of bodies; how have they thought about bodies.
And women successfully argued that.
So obviously this is not all going to fit back in my tiny suitcase.
All the kids from Zaragoza came to the building, because the way of engaging with the building became something different.
And that was, for us, was very interesting, because, as architects, as engineers, as designers, we always think about how people will use the things we design.
Isn't that awesome?
She did it for three years.
In order to get target theories, we remember that it's definitely hardcore sabotage, it must be a high-value target and it is most likely located in Iran, because that's where most of the infections had been reported.
What do you think the response is going to be?
Turns out it really means, "We want nothing to do with your movie."
So tell me a little bit how it relates to your thoughts and feelings about who you are.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing this.
And I get a lot of people asking me: "What do you get for 10 billion pixels?"
So I made one.
Because that's what you do when your name is Yosemite Mountain Bear.
He is a poet, a playwright, a man whose whole life had been balanced on the single hope of his country's unity and freedom.
We told her stories and assured her that we were still with her.
Is it something about the details or the colors?
Then it's about combining the different photographs.
And I put my challenge on 95 kg.
But on the other hand, it also could be used to get people from out of their chairs and try to work together in some kind of gaming activity to get more control of their health.
I'm just talking about a platform for people to help themselves and to help others.
Because I think the only way to understand this is to really step back and take a long time scale look at things.
And so the next stage that's interesting in life took about another billion years.
So the first steps of the story that I told you about took a billion years a piece.
And try that again and do that for another generation.
We're now using those programs to make much faster computers so that we'll be able to run this process much faster.
So it's feeding back on itself.
And this made me really sad.
Another idea that really fascinated me as a child was that an entire galaxy could be contained within a single marble.
And so over here, each book and each world becomes a little marble that I drag in to this magical device within the device.
Her parents were born in slavery in Virginia in the 1840's.
In urban communities across this country -- Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all young men of color are in jail or prison or on probation or parole.
I think even if you kill someone, you're not just a killer.
Do you know what they call a 300 hitter in Major League Baseball?
But I carried on with my work.
In both cases, they had their operations and they did okay.
This was my first sunburn.
We recreate the past that people cannot conceive because the baseline has shifted and is extremely low.
Instead, everything we touched we killed.
That's why the white people in Africa are called "bwana," boss.
What we do, we work one-on-one, and to work one-on-one, you have to create a social infrastructure that doesn't exist.
Otherwise they don't come and talk to you.
Sure, you can say "spatial and temporal," but why not just say "space and time," which is so much more accessible to us?
And the trick here is to use a single, readable sentence that the audience can key into if they get a bit lost, and then provide visuals which appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what's being described.
That's the whole idea.
And this was actually all down to the bravery of a guy with the extraordinary name of Brass Crosby, who took on Parliament.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to get drunk on power.
And it didn't have much more grandeur than the term "foreman" or "overseer."
Politicians try to pick words and use words to shape reality and control reality, but in fact, reality changes words far more than words can ever change reality.
And I'd like to look at how taking a simple Kabul wheelbarrow and putting it on the wall amidst Kipling's call of 1899 to generate dialogue about how I see contemporary development initiatives being rooted in yesterday's colonial rhetoric about a "white man's burden" to save the brown man from himself and maybe even civilize him a bit.
On another day we wake up to the news of the murder of the American ambassador and the attack on the consulate.
Sometimes, I saw dead bodies floating down the river.
Where am I from? Who am I?
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
Thank you.
It has very good time resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
